me/oggalz/uhc_games/roles/heroes/Thorin.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.roles.heroes.Thorin
me/oggalz/uhc_games/roles/races_roles/Voyant.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.roles.races_roles.Voyant
me/oggalz/uhc_games/roles/races_roles/Nazgul.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.roles.races_roles.Nazgul
me/oggalz/uhc_games/roles/heroes/BilbonSacquet.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.roles.heroes.BilbonSacquet
me/oggalz/uhc_games/roles/races_roles/Marchand.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.roles.races_roles.Marchand
me/oggalz/uhc_games/scenarios/DiamondLimite.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.scenarios.DiamondLimite
me/oggalz/uhc_games/scenarios/VanillaPlus.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.scenarios.VanillaPlus
me/oggalz/uhc_games/gui/WorldBorderGui.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.gui.WorldBorderGui
me/oggalz/uhc_games/roles/races_roles/Sage.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.roles.races_roles.Sage
me/oggalz/uhc_games/roles/Roles.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.roles.Roles
me/oggalz/uhc_games/roles/heroes/Legolas.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.roles.heroes.Legolas
me/oggalz/uhc_games/commands/Finish.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.commands.Finish
me/oggalz/uhc_games/scenarios/HastyBoy.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.scenarios.HastyBoy
me/oggalz/uhc_games/roles/races_roles/Garde.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.roles.races_roles.Garde
me/oggalz/uhc_games/gui/PvpGui.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.gui.PvpGui
me/oggalz/uhc_games/tasks/WorldBorder.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.tasks.WorldBorder
me/oggalz/uhc_games/utils/UniversalMaterial.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.utils.UniversalMaterial
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.utils.UniversalMaterial$1
me/oggalz/uhc_games/utils/Item.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.utils.Item
me/oggalz/uhc_games/roles/heroes/Azog.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.roles.heroes.Azog
me/oggalz/uhc_games/state/State.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.state.State
me/oggalz/uhc_games/gui/ScenariosGui.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.gui.ScenariosGui
me/oggalz/uhc_games/utils/ItemsId.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.utils.ItemsId
me/oggalz/uhc_games/scenarios/CutClean.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.scenarios.CutClean
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.scenarios.CutClean$1
me/oggalz/uhc_games/tasks/Scheduler.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.tasks.Scheduler
me/oggalz/uhc_games/races/Hobbits.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.races.Hobbits
me/oggalz/uhc_games/utils/Team.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.utils.Team
me/oggalz/uhc_games/roles/races_roles/Chasseur.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.roles.races_roles.Chasseur
me/oggalz/uhc_games/races/Elfes.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.races.Elfes
me/oggalz/uhc_games/player/Player.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.player.Player
me/oggalz/uhc_games/gui/RolesGui.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.gui.RolesGui
me/oggalz/uhc_games/races/Nains.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.races.Nains
me/oggalz/uhc_games/gui/GuiManager.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.gui.GuiManager
me/oggalz/uhc_games/roles/races_roles/Tavernier.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.roles.races_roles.Tavernier
me/oggalz/uhc_games/races/Races.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.races.Races
me/oggalz/uhc_games/player/PlayerManager.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.player.PlayerManager
me/oggalz/uhc_games/roles/RolesManagers.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.roles.RolesManagers
me/oggalz/uhc_games/tasks/Pvp.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.tasks.Pvp
me/oggalz/uhc_games/races/Orques.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.races.Orques
me/oggalz/uhc_games/races/RacesManager.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.races.RacesManager
me/oggalz/uhc_games/state/StateManager.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.state.StateManager
me/oggalz/uhc_games/utils/ScoreboardCreator.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.utils.ScoreboardCreator
me/oggalz/uhc_games/listeners/PlayerJoinEvent.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.listeners.PlayerJoinEvent
me/oggalz/uhc_games/listeners/SecondaryListeners.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.listeners.SecondaryListeners
me/oggalz/uhc_games/gui/MainGui.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.gui.MainGui
me/oggalz/uhc_games/utils/ActionBarUtils.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.utils.ActionBarUtils
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.utils.ActionBarUtils$1
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.utils.ActionBarUtils$2
me/oggalz/uhc_games/scenarios/RegisterUnRegister.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.scenarios.RegisterUnRegister
me/oggalz/uhc_games/tasks/Teleportation.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.tasks.Teleportation
me/oggalz/uhc_games/scenarios/Timber.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.scenarios.Timber
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.scenarios.Timber$1
me/oggalz/uhc_games/listeners/PlayerDeathEvent.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.listeners.PlayerDeathEvent
me/oggalz/uhc_games/commands/RolesCommands.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.commands.RolesCommands
me/oggalz/uhc_games/Main.java
 me.oggalz.uhc_games.Main
